Add small note about autocompletion for Invoke tasks on README (#21433)
DataDog/datadog-agent: README.md

      any other platform. We recommend you use the version pinned in the requirements
      file for a smooth development/build experience.

> **Note:** You can enable auto completion for invoke tasks, to do this you can simply add the following line to your `.zshrc` file with 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** You can enable auto completion for invoke tasks. Use the command below to add the appropriate line to your `.zshrc` file.
```
